feat(dms): support rabbitmq exchange management (#5259)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dms_rabbitmq_exchange.md

  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `instance_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the DMS RabbitMQ instance ID.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `vhost` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the vhost name. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the exchange name. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the exchange type. Valid values are **direct**, **fanout**, **topic**
  and **headers**. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `auto_delete` - (Required, Bool, ForceNew) Specifies whether to enable auto delete. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `durable` - (Optional, Bool, ForceNew) Specifies whether to enable durable. Defaults to **false**.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `internal` - (Optional, Bool, ForceNew) Specifies whether the exchange is internal. Defaults to **false**.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID.

## Import

> The RabbitMQ exchange can be imported using the `instance_id`, `vhost` and `name` separated by a slash, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RabbitMQ exchange can be imported using the `instance_id`, `vhost` and `name` separated by slashes, e.g.
```
